Appy Pie's No-code AI App Builder (https://www.appypie.com/) lets you build an Android, iPhone, or PWA App and launch it on app stores without coding or programming skills. Enter a text description of the kind of app you need on the AI App Maker platform and let Appy Pie's intuitive AI do the rest. Convert text into app with AI App Builder Appy Pie to help your business grow and reach customers globally!


"Make an app, as easy as pie!"


Appy Pie – the AI app builder lets you make an app for your start-up and is also ideal for small businesses, supporting them to make their products and services available to a broader audience.


Make your own app the no-code way, with advanced features, and carry your business to every mobile device. Tap into the power of Appy Pie's AI App Maker.


Appy Pie democratizes the design and development of applications as it lets everyone create their own AI mobile apps, irrespective of their technical skills, coding knowledge, and budget restrictions. Discover the joys of no-code application building with Appy Pie and give your business an edge over others. Appy Pie lets you convert text into apps with AI App Development, so you will have a full-fledged and functioning mobile application ready to go live in mere minutes!


Until recently, mobile app development was considered an option only for the big players in any industry. It created a growth barrier for companies with smaller budgets, preventing them from venturing into mobile application development. Appy Pie presented no-code mobile application development using AI as a solution to address these worries. Appy Pie's AI app builder made it accessible for businesses of all sizes and financial and technical capabilities.


You can create a powerful and awesome app design with appearance and functionality just like a native app!


Features:


Instantly delivers .apk file

Offers trial period

Material user interface

Multiple app categories to choose from

Themes to better suit your needs

Give instant updates to end users by updating the app

Versatile designs to personalize your app with multimedia images and text

Social Media integration: Connect Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter to your app

Publishing to app store platforms (Google Play)

Send push notifications to your users

Flexible chat

Add various pages like about, contact, home, map, chat, quiz, document, survey, portfolio, etc.



Additional service benefits:

No need to learn Android Application Development

No coding or technical skill required

No need to learn JAVA or XML


*You will need a subscription to keep your app published.